com/ing_software/repo/ProfesorRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.ProfesorRepository
com/ing_software/repo/EstudianteRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.EstudianteRepository
com/ing_software/repo/CuentaRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.CuentaRepository
com/ing_software/Resultado.java
 com.ing_software.Resultado
com/ing_software/repo/MatriculaRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.MatriculaRepository
com/ing_software/repo/AdministrativoRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.AdministrativoRepository
com/ing_software/repo/MateriaRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.MateriaRepository
com/ing_software/repo/NotaRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.NotaRepository
com/ing_software/Informacion.java
 com.ing_software.Informacion
com/ing_software/repo/CursoRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.CursoRepository
com/ing_software/repo/RepresentanteRepository.java
 com.ing_software.repo.RepresentanteRepository
com/ing_software/entity/Materia.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Materia
com/ing_software/entity/Matricula.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Matricula
com/ing_software/ConsultarUtilities.java
 com.ing_software.ConsultarUtilities
com/ing_software/ProfesorUtilities.java
 com.ing_software.ProfesorUtilities
com/ing_software/entity/Curso.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Curso
com/ing_software/entity/Cuenta.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Cuenta
com/ing_software/EstudianteUtilities.java
 com.ing_software.EstudianteUtilities
com/ing_software/Principal.java
 com.ing_software.Principal
com/ing_software/entity/Profesor.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Profesor
com/ing_software/entity/Estudiante.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Estudiante
com/ing_software/entity/Nota.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Nota
com/ing_software/config/Configuracion.java
 com.ing_software.config.Configuracion
com/ing_software/MatriculaUtilities.java
 com.ing_software.MatriculaUtilities
com/ing_software/entity/Administrativo.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Administrativo
com/ing_software/AdministradorUtilities.java
 com.ing_software.AdministradorUtilities
com/ing_software/entity/Representante.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Representante
com/ing_software/entity/Persona.java
 com.ing_software.entity.Persona
com/ing_software/servicios/CuentaUtilities.java
 com.ing_software.servicios.CuentaUtilities
